[Music]
well new at the can Boat Show 2017 is
the lagoon 40 now this lovely cat man is
available in three distinct versions one
with three cabins and two offering four
cabins and aimed probably very squarely
at the charter market the first thing
that strikes you on this boat is this
lovely hardtop giving a welcome shade
over the dining area a single helm
position up there with a nice view out
over the deck on the starboard side and
the galley is very strategically placed
right next to the dining area the model
being shown a can is the three cabin
version so this is the owner's suite
with two guest cabins in the other hull
and it really has a lovely feel you've
got a best of both worlds you've got
lots of hatches allowing in lots of
light and yet you still have these dark
woods which are giving you a cool feel
inside the boat she's actually very
nicely put together lagoon 40 has nice
wide decks built-in non-slip and all the
hatches are vented and recessed but the
thing I particularly like is the way all
the rigging leads back through these
winches and position here making it very
easy to sail single-handed you can sail
this boat away for two hundred and fifty
six thousand euros exFAT